you ready yep
20 seconds on the clock please we asked
100 women which state do you think has
the best-looking man California named
something grandpa might be a little too
old to be riding on a horse name
something people lick ice cream how tall
is an elf
3 foot tell me the night of the week
when restaurants are most crowded Friday
night
come on Sheba let's go boy are you not
about to shock the world we asked 100
women which state do you think has the
best-looking me and you said California
survey said name something grand problem
might be a little too old to be riding
on you said a horse
survey said name something people lick
you said ice cream survey said
how tall is an elf you said three feet
survey said
tell me the night of the week when
restaurants are most crowded you said
Friday survey said
already you are the good news or the bad
news
you're the bad news if the bad news is
you could walk out of here is the
stupidest person ever play this
we want the good news doesn't give me
good Shiva got a hundred and ninety four
points this how we're gonna do it I'm
gonna ask you the same 5 questions you
cannot duplicate the answers if you do
you're gonna hear this sound I'll say
try again you give me another answer
it's gonna be a little bit tougher this
time so we can give you 25 seconds you
ready all right all right let's let's
remind everybody with shivers answers 25
seconds on the clock please pay
attention man pay attention we asked 100
women which state do you think has the
best-looking men Washington dizzy name
something grandpa might be a little too
old to be riding on horse try again
his wife name something people lick
repeat dance name something people lick
lollipop how tall is an elf 3 feet tall
try again two and a half feet tall tell
me the night of the week when
restaurants are most crowded Friday
Saturday
you had me so scared we asked 100 women
which state do you think has the
best-looking man you said the state of
Washington DC the only good thing is a
lot of people probably think that's a
statement
survey said California was the number
one answer
name something grandpa might be a little
too old to be riding on you said his
wife I don't know why you think you so
damn funny you two sold your wife some
survey said
motorcycle
ice cream pops up number one
20 seconds on the clock please
we asked 100 married men name a part of
your wife's body you can pitch more than
an inch there but name something people
do in the bathtub but not in the shower
soaked name something that might have
three legs and stool tell me something
that people sprinkle on their lawn
fertilizer name something other than
french fries that you would put ketchup
on a hamburger on oh boy we asked 100
married men name a part of your wife's
body you can pinch more than an inch you
said but survey said name something
people doing the bath tub but not in the
shot where you saying soak survey said
name something that might have three
legs you said survey said tell me
something that people sprinkle sprinkle
on their lawn you said fertilizer survey
said
name something other than french fries
that you would put ketchup on you said a
hamburger survey said
Stephen you want the good news or the
bad news I was a bad news first
what's the bad news you could be the
stupidest person and I'm gonna pay with
that I'm okay with that I'm okay with
that but a good news not a goodness you
need 14 points
all right let's remind everybody of
Darryl's answers 25 seconds on the clock
please
he got a hundred and eighty six I want
you to focus for me
alright let's go buddy here we go we
asked 100 married men name a part of
your wife's body you can pinch more than
an inch her but her legs name something
people do in the bathtub but not in the
shower blow bubbles name something that
might have three legs a chair try again
pass tell me something that people
sprinkled on their lawn fertilizer I get
water name something other than fridge
fries that you would put ketchup on a
burger
we need 14 points we asked 100 married
men name a part of your wife's body you
can pinch more than an inch you said
their legs a survey said supple stomach
and waist was the number-one answer
name something people doing the bathtub
but not in the shower you say blow
bubbles
survey said
number one number one number one
coming back
20 seconds on the clock please
we asked 100 married men on a scale of 1
to 10 how good of a lie-detector is your
wife a name the part of your body that
needs the most exercise stomach name a
kind of place to which people bring
flowers funeral name something nasty
that comes out of a person's mouth curse
words name something you might get up in
the middle of the night to do we asked
100 married men on a scale of 1 to 10
how good of a lie-detector is your wife
you said 8 survey said damn the part of
your body that needs most exercise you
said stomach survey said name a kind of
place to which people bring flowers
you said funeral survey said name
something nasty that comes out of
person's mouth
you said curse words survey said
name something you might get up in the
middle of the night to do you said P
survey said
I can either tell you how much you got I
can tell you how much you need which one
you want to know how much I need you
need six points are you
wait I gotta get six points it's here
pull yourself together
reset wait I gotta get six yes you do
yes you do
all right let's remind everybody of
Kai's answers 25 seconds on the clock
please
we asked 100 married men on a scale of 1
to 10 how good of a lie-detector is your
wife 9 name the part of your body that
needs the most exercise abs abdominal
then name a kind of place to which
people bring flowers funerals
try again my name something nasty that
comes out of a person's mouth tough
words half name something you might get
up in the middle of night to do hey see
you say every single thing she said
that's why I knew was gonna be tough we
asked 100 married men on a scale of 1 to
10 how good of a lie-detector is your
wife you said 9 survey said
five number one else
you see
20 seconds on the clock how many drinks
can a woman handle before she gets drunk
3 name the safest way to travel car name
something that vampires hate sign what
do you think is the easiest pet to take
care of cat
if a man is well-dressed who picked out
his suit his wife
coming in streets get a woman tender
before she gets drunk you said three
survey said calm survey said you said
son survey said what do you think is
easy to take care of you said cat survey
said royal dress who picked out his suit
you said his wife survey said
the mama got 197 points
this place right here they gonna have to
rebuild all you need three points let's
remind everybody of Shirley's answers 25
seconds on the clock please
how many drinks can a woman handle
before she gets drunk three name two
safest way to travel
driving airplane name something that
vampires hate garlic what do you think
is the easiest pet to take care of cat
dog
if a man is well-dressed who picked out
his soup wife daughter
how many dreams kind of woman happened
before she get drunk you said to save a
sit come on girl
three was the number one answer
Carr was the number-one answer
God it was the number-one answer
cat was the number-one answer here's
white was the number one yeah
I'm steer on Lucy
you ready I'm ready 20 seconds on the
clock please
we asked 100 married women without even
looking what does your man have in his
hand right now
remote on a scale of 1 to 10 how perfect
a person are you seven name an animal
that might qualify as a beast a lion
other than the thumb name a finger index
name someone grandma has a picture of on
her night table granddaughter
we asked 100 married women without even
looking what does your man have in his
hand right now you said remote so they
said on a scale of 1 to 10 how perfect a
person are you you said seven survey
said name and out of them I qualify as a
beast you said lion
survey said other than the thumb name a
finger you said index survey said name
someone grandma has a picture of on the
night table you said granddaughter
survey said
Terry yes we have a situation
Oh college your sister cousin she should
cause it mm-hmm she got say my cousin
yeah she's your cousin
this is all about you staying in the
fact she's in forever
this is this is go down in history as
one of the greatest games ever played
guess how many points we knew well heck
now probably five five no less than Oh
that's the most points I've ever seen
she said come on God if I don't get this
listen to me please just focus so you
ready I'm ready let's remind everyone of
Carla's brilliant answers 25 seconds on
the clock please
we asked 100 married women without even
looking what does your man have in his
hand right now money on a scale of 1 to
10 how perfect a person are you seven
try eight name an animal that might
qualify as a beast gorilla on other than
the thumb name a finger pinky name
someone grandma has a picture of on her
night table grandkids
they're kids
we need two points we asked 100 married
women even without looking what does
your man have in his hand right now you
said money
survey said TV remote was the number one
answer we need two points on a scale of
1 to 10 how perfect a person in you you
said 8 survey said
was the number-one answer Lydon what's
the number-one answer
we'll see you next time
you